Clarify what must be the same (#27989)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod.md

For a Pod to be given a QoS class of Guaranteed:

* Every Container in the Pod must have a memory limit and a memory request.
* For every Container in the Pod, the memory limit must equal the memory request.
* Every Container in the Pod must have a CPU limit and a CPU request.
* For every Container in the Pod, the CPU limit must equal the CPU request.

These restrictions apply to init containers and app containers equally.

> * Every Container, including init containers, in the Pod must have a CPU limit and a CPU request, and the two values must be the same.

Reviewer: Oops - is this line still meant to be here?

Author: ```suggestion
```

Ah, it is not

For a Pod to be given a QoS class of Guaranteed:

> * Every Container, including init containers, in the Pod must have a memory limit and a memory request, and the two values must be the same.

Reviewer: I'd be super explicit:
```suggestion
* Every Container in the Pod must have a memory limit and a memory request.
* For every Container in the Pod, the memory limit must equal the memory request.
* Every Container in the Pod must have a CPU limit and a CPU request
* For every Container in the Pod, the CPU limit must equal the CPU request.

These restrictions apply to init containers and app containers equally.
```
